He is still slandering the king when he is about to die
Your chance to stand and speak now is king
In the Foreign War
With sadness and blood, you fought your life for it
You don't want anything in return.
Let's talk nonsense here
I once went to the Imperial Foreign Battlefield
I saw Wu Weijun's character style
His old man is the king of the country
How is it in your eyes?
It becomes so insignificant
The general
The so-called ignorant, the fearless.
He doesn't know anything.
That's why I dare to be so tall
It's not like I haven't been to the accidental battlefield
He wasn't the only one who fought in blood
The Wu Wei army and thousands of generals
Who gave you the courage?
Give all the credit
All credit to him alone
kid
I see you are tired of living
I almost forgot that this kid was in the Wei Wu Army
He's a veteran.
No wonder you put gold on your face so much
You are an ordinary soldier
He De He Neng
Dare to take the credit of the Wei Wu Army on yourself
And so forth.
You're wrong.
As far as I know
The Wuwei army numbers the frontier
No one is discharged
But this kid
It is said that he was discharged from the Wu Wei Army
Could it be a deserter?
Hahahaha
Border deserters
This is his fourth crime
Shangchen didn't expect it, didn't expect it?
Do you have any other surprises?
I have more surprises
I'm just afraid you can't take it
Forgiveness deepens
No matter how many surprises you have, it's easy to escape